DOC-1784: media.adoc & media_url_resolver.adoc (#2495)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/media.adoc

== Options

> These settings affect the execution of the `+media+` plugin, making it possible to disable parts of the media dialog box made available to an end-user inserting or editing media items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options affect the execution of the `+media+` plugin, making it possible to disable parts of the media dialog made available to an end-user inserting or editing media items.
```
`settings` is the old name so just replaced it. Also `box` seemed redundant here and if anything confused me more 🤷
